Improve documentation (#151)
corretto/amazon-corretto-crypto-provider: DEVELOPMENT-GUIDE.md

    3. Comment to explain exactly what is intended and, when appropriate, why a particular technique was chosen.
    Examples: ([ConstantTime](https://github.com/corretto/amazon-corretto-crypto-provider/blob/develop/src/com/amazon/corretto/crypto/provider/ConstantTime.java) and its [tests](https://github.com/corretto/amazon-corretto-crypto-provider/blob/develop/tst/com/amazon/corretto/crypto/provider/test/ConstantTimeTests.java), [Janitor](https://github.com/corretto/amazon-corretto-crypto-provider/blob/develop/src/com/amazon/corretto/crypto/provider/Janitor.java) and its [tests](https://github.com/corretto/amazon-corretto-crypto-provider/blob/develop/tst/com/amazon/corretto/crypto/provider/test/JanitorTest.java))

> 7. Old code *must* be updated to current best practices.

Reviewer: If I understand the following explanation correctly, a better tagline might be

```suggestion
7. New best practices *must* be applied uniformly to the codebase.
```

>     This doesn't mean that all parts of ACCP need to be constantly updated, checked, and polished.

Reviewer 2: I liked the line that you removed, it helped set the stage for the 4 lines you added.
